schematics/README.md, before:

# imng-kendo-schematics

This package exposes several code genearting schematics that revolve around Angular, NGRX and Kendo UI controls.

You probably won't need all of the code that is generated by this schematic, but schematics operate with the principal that it is easier to delete then to create.

These schematics will provide you with a great starting point.

To see what these schematics will generate an examples can be found at: <https://github.com/ikemtz/AngularMonoRepo/tree/master/src/apps/adventure-works/src/app/modules>

## Schematics

### imng-module

This schematic will generate an Angular module with an NGRX feature store, along with a Kendo datagrid list (same list component provided by the [imng-list](#imng-list) schematic) component along with add, edit (same components provided by the [imng-crud](#imng-crud) schematic) and delete components.

Schema: [src/imng-module/schema.json](src/imng-module/schema.json)

### imng-list

Will generate a Kendo datagrid component.  When an OpenApi spec document is specified along with the model name (component in OpenApi spec terms), it will generate columns for each of the model properties with the appropriate type and filter bindings.

Schema: [src/imng-list/schema.json](src/imng-list/schema.json)

### imng-crud

This schematic will generate a couple of Kendo crud components bound to a single markup (HTML) file, one add and another edit.  When an OpenApi spec document is specified along with the model name, it will generate fields for each of the model properties.  These fields will have the appropriate control type (text box, date picker, drop downs, etc.) along with Angular reactive form bindings.

Schema: [src/imng-crud/schema.json](src/imng-crud/schema.json)

### imng-sub-list

This schematic will generate code very similar to the [imng-list](#imng-list) schematic; but with some slight differences.  The Grid component generated by this schematic is intended to be used as a [sub grid](https://www.telerik.com/kendo-angular-ui/components/grid/master-detail), as in a grid within a grid.

Schema: [src/imng-sub-list/schema.json](src/imng-sub-list/schema.json)

## Schematic Options

All of the above schematics have the same options.

| Option              | Description                                                                                                    | Required | Default                   |
| ------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | ------------------------- |
| name                | Module or component name (should be singular and should be listed as a component in the OpenApi spec document) | Yes      |                           |
| path                | Output directory for generated files                                                                           | Yes      |                           |
| openApiJsonUrl      | URL to an OpenAPI JSON document                                                                                | No       |                           |
| openApiJsonFileName | Relative file path to an OpenAPI JSON document                                                                 | No       |                           |
| storeName           | NGRX feature store name                                                                                        | No       | {pluralized(name)}Feature |
| appPrefix           | Application selector prefix for components/directives                                                          | No       | imng                      |
| modelFolderLocation | Location of the model folder relative to the generated module root                                             | No       |                           |

Commit message:

Adding dependencies and imng-ngrx-module

schematics/README.md, after:

# imng-kendo-schematics

This package exposes several code-generating schematics that revolve around Angular, NGRX, Kendo UI controls and *imng-packages.

You probably won't need all of the code that is generated by this schematic, but schematics operate on the principle that it is easier to delete than to create.

These schematics will provide you with a great starting point.

An example of what these schematics will generate can be found here: <https://github.com/ikemtz/AngularMonoRepo/tree/master/src/apps/adventure-works/src/app/modules>

## Schematics

### imng-module

This schematic will generate an Angular module with an NGRX feature store, along with a Kendo datagrid list (the same list component provided by the [imng-list](#imng-list) schematic) component, along with add, edit (the same components provided by the imng-crud schematic), and delete components.

Schema: [src/imng-module/schema.json](src/imng-module/schema.json)

### imng-list

Will generate a Kendo datagrid component. When an OpenAPI spec document is specified along with the model name (component in OpenAPI spec terms), it will generate columns for each of the model properties with the appropriate type and filter bindings.

Schema: [src/imng-list/schema.json](src/imng-list/schema.json)

### imng-crud

This schematic will generate a couple of Kendo CRUD components bound to a single markup (HTML) file, one for adding and another for editing. When an OpenAPI spec document is specified along with the model name, it will generate fields for each of the model properties. These fields will have the appropriate control type (text box, date picker, drop-downs, etc.) along with Angular reactive form bindings.
Schema: [src/imng-crud/schema.json](src/imng-crud/schema.json)

### imng-sub-list

This schematic will generate code very similar to the [imng-list](#imng-list) schematic, but with some slight differences. The grid component generated by this schematic is intended to be used as a [sub-grid](https://www.telerik.com/kendo-angular-ui/components/grid/master-detail), as in, a grid within a grid.

Schema: [src/imng-sub-list/schema.json](src/imng-sub-list/schema.json)

### imng-ngrx-module

This schematic will generate an Angular module with an NGRX feature store, effects, actions and facades.  This is very similar to [imng-module](#imng-module), with the exception that this template does not include list and crud components.

Schema: [src/imng-ngrx-module/schema.json](src/imng-ngrx-module/schema.json)

## Schematic Options

All of the above schematics have the same options.

| Option                  | Description                                                                                                    | Required | Default                   |
| ----------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | ------------------------- |
| name                    | Module or component name (should be singular and should be listed as a component in the OpenApi spec document) | Yes      |                           |
| path                    | Output directory for generated files                                                                           | Yes      |                           |
| open-api-json-url       | URL to an OpenAPI JSON document                                                                                | No       |                           |
| open-api-json-file-name | Relative file path to an OpenAPI JSON document                                                                 | No       |                           |
| storeName               | NGRX feature store name                                                                                        | No       | {pluralized(name)}Feature |
| app-prefix              | Application selector prefix for components/directives                                                          | No       | imng                      |
| model-folder-location   | Location of the model folder relative to the generated module root                                             | No       |                           |
